
You just grabbed all the mail from your mailbox.   
You want to go through it all, and decide what to do with each piece of mail.Write the pseudo code for your process of going through the mail
What are the types of mail you might get?  Junk mail, letters from friends, tax documents, bills.
Do you get your housemates mail? Your partners?  Your neighbors?  Make acondition for each type you might get(e.g. if it’s junk mail then I throw it away)
What steps do you take to determine what type of mail it is?  What do you do with all the paper?  Throw it away, recycle it, shred it, put it in a filingcabinet?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
grab mail from mailbox
bring inside house
while mail remains begin sorting into two piles
    if mail is mine put in first pile
    else mail that is not mine put in second pile

sort importance of first pile
while mail remains then open any unopened mail
if mail looks like a bill, statement or tax document sort into a keep pile
    if mail is a bill, statement or tax document then contents will remain in keep pile while the opened envelope in toss pile
    else mail is junk mail disguised as bill, statement, or tax document then put both envelope and mail in toss pile
if mail looks like advertisement, junk mail, or flyer then sort into toss pile
    if mail is advertisement, junk mail, or flyer then keep in toss pile
    else mail is actually a bill, statement or tax document then put into keep pile
any mail in the toss pile gets put into paper shredder
any mail in keep pile gets put on my desk to be dealt with later


sort importance of second pile
    if mail is for roommate 1 then put into new first pile
        inform roommate 1 about stack of mail
    else if mail if for roommate 2 then put into new second pile
        inform roommate 2 about stack of mail
    else if mail is for neighbors then put into new third pile
        take mail over to neighbors house
    else mail is for previous resident then put into new fourth pile
        anything in fourth pile gets put into paper shredder
